feat(developer): Document Consumable vs. Implementable OCP (#13450)
nextcloud/documentation: developer_manual/app_publishing_maintenance/app_upgrade_guide/upgrade_to_32.rst

  - **Implementable:** Interfaces, Enums and classes that have the ``OCP\AppFramework\Attribute\Implementable`` attribute, can be implemented by apps.
    This means the server side can **not** extend the interface with new methods or reduce returned types of existing methods without it being consider an API break.
    However argument types of existing methods can be reduced.
    Same rules apply to ``OCP\EventsDispatcher\Event`` that have the ``OCP\AppFramework\Attribute\Dispatchable`` attribute and ``Exception`` with the ``OCP\AppFramework\Attribute\Throwable`` attribute.
  - **ExceptionalImplementable:** Despite not being implementable for all apps, some interfaces can have the ``OCP\AppFramework\Attribute\ExceptionalImplementable`` attribute indicating that they are implementable by a single app (or multiple).
    In those cases the general ``OCP\AppFramework\Attribute\Consumable`` rules apply, but the app maintainers or repository of named exceptions have to be informed during the PR process leaving them enough time to align with the upcoming change.

- These new attributes will be applied on a "defacto standard" basis to the best of our knowledge.

>   In case an API was flagged unexpectingly, leave a comment on the respective PullRequest in the server repository asking for clarification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In case an API was flagged unexpectedly, leave a comment on the respective pull request in the server repository asking for clarification.
```

Author: Fixed
